This repository contains the analysis code for experiment that was
ran in Nick Davidenko's Perception lab at University of California, Santa Cruz.

The experiment is about how people describe faces. The experiment consists
of 3 phase:
	1. Test Phase.
	   - Two paricipants independently describe a series of faces.
	     Descriptions are typed into a chat box, which are recorded 
	     by the server. After describing the faces, participants
	     are given eachother's descriptions and then asked to perform
	     a matching task in which they match up each description with each
             face.
	2. Conversation Phase.
	     The participants trade off describing a face while the other attempts
	     to match the description to one face among a list of faces. Importantly,
	     the guesser is alowed to converse with the describer while attempting to
             identify the face.
	3. Test Phase.
	     This phase is equivalent to the first phase and is included to measure
	     improvement after the conversation phase.


The code takes as input unprocessed server data (see serverData_new.xls
and serverData_old.xls) and outputs a processed form with data pages
for each participant, as well as a master file and various summary pages.

Included files:
	1. Main.java
		- This is the Main class used to read in the server data,
		parse participant data, and write the fully processed output to a new 
		csv file.

	2. Participant.java
		- An object class that represents all of the information associated wtih a
		participant. This
	
	3. Picture.java
		- An object class that represents all the data associated with a "trial",
	          i.e. each face description and each response. The Participant class contains
		  a set of Picture objects representing all of that participant's data.

	4. ParticipantPair.java
		- An object class that encapsolates data that is relavent to each pair
		  of subjects. Also conatains references to the Participant instances
		  associated with the pair.

	5. ParticipantDataBase.java
		- A database of Participant objects. This contains references to all
		  of the data gathered in the experiment. It contains a hashmap
		  with participant qseudo-names as keys and the data as values.

	6. PicturesDataBase.java
		- A database of all Picture objects, used for "picture-wise" analysis
		  of performance, rather than subject-wise analysis.

	7. Cell.java
		- A small class helper function that encapsulates the notion of a "cell"
		  in a spreadsheet.
	
	8. sheetWriter.java
		- A helper class used to write the processed data out to a new spreadsheet.
